Deprecate Token Binding in "Site compatibility-impacting changes" (#3199)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/site-impacting-changes.md

| Removal of cross-origin subframe JavaScript dialogs | Future release (TBD) | | Removes `window.alert`, `window.prompt`, and `window.confirm` from cross-origin iframes.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  For more information, see [Intent to Remove: Cross origin subframe JS Dialogs](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/hTOXiBj3D6A/m/JtkdpDd1BAAJ). |
| Deprecate `textprediction` attribute | v131 |  | Removes support for the `textprediction` HTML attribute, which is a nonstandard attribute that's used to enable or disable the browser-based Text Prediction feature for long-form text inputs.  Instead, use the standardized `writingsuggestions` attribute, which functions similarly to `textprediction`, but also applies to other writing-assistance features that browsers may provide.  Sites that explicitly set `textprediction` to `true` or `false` can instead set `writingsuggestions` to the same value.  For more information, see [Writing suggestions](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#writing-suggestions) in the HTML specification. |

> | Deprecate Token Binding | v127, v130 |  | Token Binding uses cryptographic certificates on both ends of the TLS connection in an attempt to close the security gap of bearer tokens, which may be lost or stolen.  There's a feature flag available to disable Token Binding entirely.  The enterprise policy `AllowTokenBindingsForUrls` will no longer supported as of v127; see [AllowTokenBindingsForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#allowtokenbindingforurls) in _Microsoft Edge - Policies_.  Support for the Token Binding protocol will be removed in v130. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Removal of Token Binding support | v127, v130 |  | Token Binding uses cryptographic certificates on both ends of the TLS connection in an attempt to close the security gap of bearer tokens, which may be lost or stolen.  The enterprise policy `AllowTokenBindingsForUrls` will no longer be supported as of v127; see [AllowTokenBindingsForUrls](/deployedge/microsoft-edge-policies#allowtokenbindingforurls) in _Microsoft Edge - Policies_.  Support for the Token Binding protocol will be removed in v130. |
```
